we won't only deal to us I had to
replace one servo and one gear for the
torque tube at home and set it up on
Devo 8's radio it doesn't show the
telemetry because this one doesn't
support it but hey let's just play it
and see what is the behavior and enjoy
the flight of v1 2002's once again
really ever
I need to get used to the things I said
on zero 8s
to a sponsor just to Adam
man I need to do something on the
Pacific
oh-ho-ho-ho stay safe man
why I feel on vevo 8f it's really Adam
maybe I didn't set the Expo on the
Pittsburgh
it's the out of control treaty today dan
white´s getting to France today I've no
idea
maybe I really need to set the dual
rates on this radio
oh he's scared that's why this one beam
already because I just said the pitch
curls and everything but I did not set
the dual rates and this one the aileron
elevator extension is set to extreme so
that is why this is really really fast
today anyway this is enough fly for
today next flights we will do on all
care a mini CP indoor flights in my
garage where we parked the car and we
will do some indoor 3d at home as well
and see how durable that thing is enjoy
which is coming